fix: docker-support.md (#1052)
nginx/documentation: content/agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-support.md

## Overview

> The NGINX Agent repository includes [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/nginx/agent/blob/main/scripts/packages/packager/Dockerfile) that can be used to [build custom container images]({{< ref "/agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-images.md" >}}). Images are created with an NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus instance and are available for various operating systems.

Reviewer: Actually, after consulting with @dhurley 

```suggestion
The NGINX Agent repository includes [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/nginx/agent/tree/dev-v2/test/docker) that can be used to [build custom container images]({{< ref "/agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-images.md" >}}). Images are created with an NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus instance and are available for various operating systems.
```

> The NGINX Agent repository includes [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/nginx/agent/blob/main/scripts/packages/packager/Dockerfile) that can be used to [build custom container images]({{< ref "/agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-images.md" >}}). Images are created with an NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus instance and are available for various operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX Agent repository includes [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/nginx/agent/tree/dev-v2/test/docker) that can be used to [build custom container images]({{< ref "/agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-images.md" >}}). Images are created with an NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus instance and are available for various operating systems.
```
